# grad_admissions_project

This was a Codecademy Pro project that I completed as part of the "Build Deep Learning Models with TensorFlow" skill path. My goal in the project was to predict an Indian student's chances of admittance to a Master's Degree program, but in a more practical sense the goal was to get experience building neural network models which can perform regression analysis. In the project, I used the Keras class Sequential to build two different deep learning models; I then compared the performance of these models to a simple multi-variable linear regression model and a k-Nearest Neigbhours regression model. Ultimately, the multi-variable linear regression model had the highest performance as measured by Mean Square Error, Mean Absolute Error, and "goodness of fit" value; it also took the least time to compute. However, the performance of both neural network regression models that I built were not far off from that of the multi-variable regression model.

I used Jupyter Notebook to complete the project, running Python 3.8. I also used the libraries Pandas, Matplotlib, Seaborn, random, Scikit-Learn, and Tensorflow. The file containing my code and comments has been included as "MAC_grad_admissions_regression_challenge_solution.ipunb"

The data used to complete the project were provided by Codecademy; they in turn downloaded the data from https://www.kaggle.com/mohansacharya/graduate-admissions?select=Admission_Predict_Ver1.1.csv. I would like to thank Mohan S. Acharya for compiling this data and releasing it into the Public Domain. Mr. Archarya's paper about the data set can be found at:
Mohan S Acharya, Asfia Armaan, Aneeta S Antony : A Comparison of Regression Models for Prediction of Graduate Admissions, IEEE International Conference on Computational Intelligence in Data Science 2019
